Update link element docs for rel=preload modulepreload (#27584)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/htmllinkelement/as/index.md

{{APIRef("HTML DOM")}}

The **`as`** property of the {{domxref("HTMLLinkElement")}} interface returns a string representing the type of content to be preloaded by a link element.

> The `as` property must be applied link elements where [`rel="preload"`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Attributes/rel/preload), or the resource will not be fetched.

Reviewer: This reads weird to me: you don't "apply" a property; you "apply" an attribute then read its value from the property.

Author: Hmmm, further, missing a "to". Let me improve this.
```suggestion
The `as` property must have a value for link elements when [`rel="preload"`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Attributes/rel/preload), or the resource will not be fetched.
```
